Remove the lint about non nullable binding instances (#19)
creativecreatorormaybenot/performance: performance/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.1.1

> * Migrate the code to Flutter 3 by considering `SchedulerBinding.instance` non-nullable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed warnings introduced by Flutter 3 (`SchedulerBinding.instance` is now non-nullable).
```
